# EPH
Implementation of E Pluribus Hugo

http://sasquan.org/business-meeting/agenda/#epluribus

3.8.1: Except as provided below, the final Award ballots shall list in each
category the five eligible nominees receiving the most nominations. If there
is a tie including fifth place, all the tied eligible nominees shall be
listed. determined by the process described in section 3.A.

Insert new section 3.A after Section 3.8 as follows:

Section 3.A: Finalist Selection Process

3.A.1: For each category, the finalist selection process shall be conducted as
elimination rounds consisting of three phases:

(1) Calculation Phase: First, the total number of nominations (the number of
ballots on which each nominee appears) from all eligible ballots shall be
tallied for each remaining nominee. Next, a single “point” shall be assigned
to each nomination ballot. That point shall be divided equally among all
remaining nominees on that ballot. Finally, all points from all nomination
ballots shall be totaled for each nominee in that category. These two numbers,
point total and number of nominations, shall be used in the Selection and
Elimination Phases.

(2) Selection Phase: The two nominees with the lowest point totals shall be
selected for comparison in the Elimination Phase. (See 3.A.3 for ties.)

(3) Elimination Phase: Nominees chosen in the Selection Phase shall be
compared, and the nominee with the fewest number of nominations shall be
eliminated and removed from all ballots for the Calculation Phase of all
subsequent rounds. (See 3.A.3 for ties.)

3.A.2: The phases described in 3.A.1 are repeated in order for each category
until the number of finalists specified in 3.8.1 remain. If elimination would
reduce the number of finalists to fewer than the number specified in section
3.8.1, then instead no nominees will be eliminated during that round, and all
remaining nominees shall appear on the final ballot, extending it if
necessary.

3.A.3: Ties shall be handled as described below:

(1) During the Selection Phase, if two or more nominees are tied for the
lowest point total, all such nominees shall be selected for the Elimination
Phase.

(2) During the Selection Phase, if one nominee has the lowest point total and
two or more nominees are tied for the second-lowest point total, then all such
nominees shall be selected for the Elimination Phase.

(3) During the Elimination Phase, if two or more nominees are tied for the
fewest number of nominations, the nominee with the lowest point total at that
round shall be eliminated.

(4) During the Elimination Phase, if two or more nominees are tied for both
fewest number of nominations and lowest point total, then all such nominees
tied at that round shall be eliminated.

3.A.4: After the initial Award ballot is generated, if any finalist(s) are
removed for any reason, the finalist selection process shall be rerun as
though the removed finalist(s) had never been nominee(s). None of the
remaining original finalists who have been notified shall be removed as a
result of this rerun. The new finalist(s) shall be merged with the original
finalists, extending the final ballot if necessary.


